CSS PROPERTIES

1.content:
             To insert generated content.
2.direction:
             Specifies the text direction.
3.cursor:
            Specifies the mouse cursor to be displayed when pointing over an element.
4.display:
           Specifies how a certain HTML element should be displayed.
5.vertical-align:
           Sets the vertical alignment of an element.
6.visibility:
           Specifies whether or not an element is visible.
5.color:
           Sets the color of text.
7.opacity:
          Sets the opacity level for an element.
8.position:
          Specifies the type of positioning method used for an element (static, relative, absolute or fixed).
9.white-space:
          Specifies how white-space inside an element is handled.
 
Background

1.background-attachment :
             It sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.
2.background:
             A property for all the background properties.
3.background-color:
            It specifies the background color of an element.
4.background-image:
            It specifies  background images for an element.
5.background-position:
            It specifies the position of a background image.
6.background-repeat	:
            A background image will be repeated.
7.background-size:
            It specifies the size of the background images.
8.backface-visibility:
            It defines whether or not the back face of an element should be visible when facing the user.
9.background-clip:
            It defines how far the background  should extend within an element.
10.background-origin:
            It specifies the origin position of a background image.
11.background-attachment:
            It sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.
12.background-position:
            It specifies the position of a background image.
13.background-blend-mode:
            It specifies the blending mode of each background layer.
14.background-size:
            It specifies the size of the background images.

Border

1.border:
             It specifies property for border-width, border-style and border-color.
2.border-radius:
             It specifies property for the four border radius properties.
3.border-bottom:
             It specifies property for border-bottom-width, border-bottom-style and border-bottom-color.
4.border-top:
             It specifies property for border-top-width, border-top-style and border-top-color.
5.border-color :
             Sets the color of the four borders.
6.border-left:
             It specifies property for all the border-left properties.
7.border-right:
             It specifies property for all the border-right properties.
8.border-width:
             Sets the width of the four borders.
9.border-style:
             Sets the style of the four borders.
10.border-collapse:
             Sets whether table borders should collapse into a single border or be separated.
11.border-bottom-left-radius:
             Defines the radius of the border of the bottom-left corner.
12.border-top-left-radius:
             Defines the radius of the border of the top-left corner.
13.border-spacing:
             Sets the distance between the borders of adjacent cells.
14.border-top-right-radius:
             Defines the radius of the border of the top-right corner.
15.border-top-color:
             Sets the color of the top border.
16.border-bottom-color:	
             Sets the color of the bottom border.
17.border-bottom-width:
             Sets the width of the bottom border.
18.border-top-width:
             Sets the width of the top border.
19.border-right-width:
              Sets the width of the right border.
20.border-left-width:
              Sets the width of the left border.
21.border-left-color:
              Sets the color of the left border.
22.border-right-color:
              Sets the color of the right border.
23.border-right-style:
              Sets the style of the right border.
24.border-top-style:
              Sets the style of the top border.
25.border-left-style:
               Sets the style of the left border.
26.border-image:
	It specifies property for all the border-image properties.
27.border-image-outset:
	It specifies the amount by which the border image area extends beyond the border box.
28.border-image-repeat:
	It specifies whether the border image should be repeated, rounded or stretched.
29.border-image-slice:
	Specifies how to slice the border image.
30.border-image-source:
	Specifies the path to the image to be used as a border.
31.border-image-width:
	Specifies the width of the border image.
32.box-sizing:
	Defines how the width and height of an element are calculated.
Break

1.break-after:
	Specifies whether or not a page-, column-, or region-break should occur after the specified element.
2.break-before:
	Specifies whether or not a page-, column-, or region-break should occur before the specified element.
3.break-inside:
	Specifies whether or not a page-, column-, or region-break should occur inside the specified element.
4.page-break-after:
	Sets the page-break behavior after an element.
5.page-break-before:
	Sets the page-break behavior before an element.
6.page-break-inside:
	Sets the page-break behavior inside an element.
7.line-break:
	Specifies how to break lines.
8.box-decoration-break:
	Sets the behavior of the background and border of an element at page-break, or, for in-line elements, at line-break.
9.word-break:
	Specifies how words should break when reaching the end of a line.

Font

1.font:
	A property for the font-style, font-variant, font-weight, font-size/line-height, and the font-family properties.
2.font-face:
	A rule that allows websites to download and use fonts other than the "web-safe" fonts.
3.font-family:
	Specifies the font family for text.
4.font-feature-settings:
	Allows control over advanced typographic features in OpenType fonts.
6.font-kerning:
	Controls the usage of the kerning information.
8.font-size	:
                Specifies the font size of text.
9.font-size-adjust:
	Preserves the readability of text when font fallback occurs.
10.font-stretch:
	Selects a normal, condensed, or expanded face from a font family.
11.font-style:
	Specifies the font style for text.
12.font-synthesis:
	Controls which missing typefaces (bold or italic) may be synthesized by the browser.
13.font-variant:
	Specifies a text should be displayed in a small-caps font.
14.font-variant-alternates:
	Controls the usage of alternate glyphs associated to alternative names. 
15.font-variant-caps:
	Controls the usage of alternate glyphs for capital letters.
16.font-variant-east-asian:
	Controls the usage of alternate glyphs for East Asian scripts 
17.font-variant-ligatures:
	Controls which ligatures and contextual forms are used in textual content of the elements it applies to
18.font-variant-numeric:
	Controls the usage of alternate glyphs for numbers, fractions, and ordinal markers.
19.font-variant-position:
	Controls the usage of alternate glyphs of smaller size positioned as superscript or subscript regarding the baseline of the font.
20.font-weight:
	Specifies the weight of a font.

Text

1.text-align:
	Specifies the horizontal alignment of text.
2.text-align-last:
	Describes how the last line of a block or a line right before a forced line break is aligned when text-align is "justify".
3.text-combine-upright:
	Specifies the combination of multiple characters into the space of a single character.
4.text-decoration:
	Specifies the decoration added to text.
5.text-decoration-color:
	Specifies the color of the text-decoration.
6.text-decoration-line:
	Specifies the type of line in a text-decoration.
7.text-decoration-style:
	Specifies the style of the line in a text decoration.
8text-indent:
	Specifies the indentation of the first line in a text-block.
9.text-justify:
	Specifies the justification method used when text-align is "justify".
10.text-orientation:
	Defines the orientation of the text in a line.
11.text-overflow:
	Specifies  text overflows the containing element.
12.text-shadow:
	Adds shadow to text.
13.text-transform:
	Controls the capitalization of text.
14.text-underline-position:
	Specifies the position of the underline which is set using the text-decoration property.

Margin

1.margin:
	Sets all the margin properties in one declaration.
2.margin-bottom:
	Sets the bottom margin of an element.
3.margin-left:
	Sets the left margin of an element.
4.margin-right:
	Sets the right margin of an element.
5.margin-top:
	Sets the top margin of an element.

Padding

1.padding:
	A property for all the padding properties.
2.padding-bottom:
	Sets the bottom padding of an element.
3.padding-left:
	Sets the left padding of an element.
4.padding-right:
	Sets the right padding of an element.
5.padding-top:
	Sets the top padding of an element.

Width

1.widows:
	Sets the minimum number of lines that must be left at the top of a page when a page break occurs inside an element.
2.width:
	Sets the width of an element.
3.max-width:
	Sets the maximum width of an element.
4.min-width:
	Sets the minimum width of an element.
5.outline-width:
	Sets the width of an outline.
6.column-rule-width:
	Specifies the width of the rule between columns.

Height

1.height:
	Sets the height of an element.
2.hyphens:
	Sets how to split words to improve the layout of paragraphs.
3.max-height:
	Sets the maximum height of an element.
4.min-height:
	Sets the minimum height of an element.
5.line-height:
	Sets the line height.

Column

1.column-count:
	Specifies the number of columns an element should be divided into.
2.column-fill:
	Specifies how to fill columns, balanced or not.
3.column-gap:
	Specifies the gap between the columns.
4.column-rule:
	A shorthand property for all the column-rule-* properties.
5.column-rule-color:
	Specifies the color of the rule between columns.
6.column-rule-style:
	Specifies the style of the rule between columns.
7.column-rule-width:
	Specifies the width of the rule between columns.
8.column-span:
	Specifies how many columns an element should span across.
9.column-width:
	Specifies the column width.
10.columns:
	A shorthand property for column-width and column-count.

Grid

1.grid:
	It specifies property for the grid-template-rows, grid-template-columns, grid-template-areas, 
                grid-auto-rows, grid-auto-columns, and the grid-auto-flow properties.
2.grid-area:
	It specifies a name for the grid item, or this property is a shorthand property for the 
                grid-row-start, grid-column-start, grid-row-end, and grid-column-end properties.
3.grid-auto-columns:
	Specifies a default column size.
4.grid-auto-flow:.
	Specifies how auto-placed items are inserted in the grid.
5.grid-auto-rows:
	Specifies a default row size.
6.grid-column:
	A  property for the grid-column-start and the grid-column-end properties.
7.grid-column-end:
	Specifies where to end the grid item.
8.grid-column-gap:
	Specifies the size of the gap between columns.
9.grid-column-start:
	Specifies where to start the grid item.
10.grid-gap:
	A  property for the grid-row-gap and grid-column-gap properties.
11.grid-row:
	A  property for the grid-row-start and the grid-row-end properties.
12.grid-row-end:
	Specifies where to end the grid item.
13.grid-row-gap:
	Specifies the size of the gap between rows.
14.grid-row-start:
	Specifies where to start the grid item.
15.grid-template:
	A  property for the grid-template-rows, grid-template-columns and grid-areas properties.
16.grid-template-areas:
	Specifies how to display columns and rows, using named grid items.
17.grid-template-columns:
	Specifies the size of the columns, and how many columns in a grid layout.
18.grid-template-rows:
	Specifies the size of the rows in a grid layout.

Animation

1.animation:
	A  property for all the animation properties.
2.animation-delay:
	Specifies a delay for the start of an animation.
3.animation-direction:
	Specifies whether an animation should be played forwards, backwards or in alternate cycles.
4.animation-duration:
	Specifies how long an animation should take to complete one cycle.
5.animation-fill-mode:
	Specifies a style for the element when the animation is not playing .
6.animation-iteration-count:
	Specifies the number of times an animation should be played.
7.animation-name:
	Specifies a name for the keyframes animation.
8.animation-play-state:
	Specifies whether the animation is running or paused.
9.animation-timing-function:
	Specifies the speed curve of an animation.

Style

1.list-style:
	Sets all the properties for a list in one declaration.
2.list-style-image:
	Specifies an image as the list-item marker.
3.list-style-position:
	Specifies the position of the list-item markers.
4.list-style-type:
	Specifies the type of list-item marker.

Outline

1.outline:
	A shorthand property for the outline-width, outline-style, and the outline-color properties.
2.outline-color:
	Sets the color of an outline.
3.outline-offset:
	Offsets an outline, and draws it beyond the border edge.
4.outline-style:
	Sets the style of an outline.
5.outline-width:
	Sets the width of an outline.

Overflow

1.overflow:
              Specifies what happens if content overflows an element's box.
2.overflow-wrap:
	Specifies whether or not the browser may break lines within words in order to prevent overflow.
3.overflow-x:
	Specifies whether or not to clip the left/right edges of the content, if it overflows the element's content area.
4.overflow-y:
	Specifies whether or not to clip the top/bottom edges of the content, if it overflows the element's content area.

Transition

1.transition:
	A shorthand property for all the transition properties.
2.transition-delay:
	Specifies when the transition effect will start.
3.transition-duration:
	Specifies how many seconds or milliseconds a transition effect takes to complete.
4.transition-property:
	Specifies the name of the CSS property the transition effect is for.
5.transition-timing-function:
	Specifies the speed curve of the transition effect.

Transform

1.transform:
	Applies a 2D or 3D transformation to an element.
2.transform-origin:
	Allows  to change the position on transformed elements.
3.transform-style:
	Specifies how nested elements are rendered in 3D space.





     











